Most AI coaches answer fast.
This one slows you down.
It's built for newly-certified yoga teachers.
That strange first year where you have the certificate but still don't fully trust yourself in the room.
Test one.
User asks — just give me a hip-opening sequence.
The coach refuses immediately.
Because the problem usually isn't the sequence.
It's what happens in the teacher when certainty disappears.
Test two.
User says — I had a hard week.
Tell me what to do.
The coach doesn't rush to advice.
It enters intake mode first.
Test three.
User says — a student cried in class today and I think I handled it perfectly.
The coach names the anti-sycophancy rule and gives exactly one thing to consider.
Three teacher archetypes.
Five coaching modes.
Three cardinal rules cited by name.
Drop it into Claude.
Run the tests.
You can feel the difference in under a minute.